how to install a printer in order to
set the printer across well after that
how did you buy it you should go to
complete drive
if you bought it from someone with it
there is no disk there is an option we are now
also consider what to do in this case
in the first case, everything is just you
insert the disc follow the instructions and
quietly install your printer
problems should not arise
but what if you do not have
drivers
This is a more interesting question for me.
already prepared go to your browser
drive a driver to a printer such
such and such will be written in Syria
number and as you can see it already gives out
open a few and see here
driver tab downloads
that is, you are looking for your printer here
move on
let's choose some kind of printer
suppose i choose laserjet this one
cooler for example
So
choose your printer
remove your venus where you are
work press further after that you
can you download your driver to
computer
but as
run after the race just find
setup or where install file it can
to be called we have already passed and
you just run and continue to follow
tips
but not all